let's see Roberto writer historian and you
also have a political party eh In
which you have the idea of ​​uniting
patriotism with the labor movement which
is something like that today It seems that it
is not compatible no Roberto Well it's not that it is
compatible it is that it is eh well
evil seems to be evil on earth
it seems that the most normal things that have
been there all our lives and something that has
never squeaked with anyone Now it
seems that well when you skip a
little bit the dogmas of those in charge
then you become a fascist, a
sexist, a monster they make a
caricature of you and you Well they lynch you
everywhere and the majority of people Well,
because of not having bad
vibes, of not losing
professional options, then the majority of
people fold and when you don't fold
then they attack you with even more nonsense and
Well until they find someone who doesn't care which
is my case but come on I
believe that workers, workers in
general, have always had affection for their
homeland and for their country, for their security or
the education of their children, things  that are
very normal and that you dream of any
person of my generation or older and
could say Well, what there has
always been in Spain but when you talk to
someone about the subsidized as I say
about the people who live off what they
defend, what there is today and
younger generations, well, those
values, those things that we had that were
so normal, well now it seems like they
are from another time. I was saying the other
day that this thing happened, that the left
was always Well, that thing about the
working class, the class of employees,
of the workers, that when they went out to their
UGT meetings, workers' commissions, they
left the company, they left the hangar, they
left the mine directly to the
meetings, the people were more well that
was more for the workers it was the
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party things like that you
couldn't be better or worse with the
left but the thing is that nowadays the
left, the left that is known and
that is public and that and that is out there
causing a nuisance is a left that is
subsidized, it is a left of lazy people, in other words, it is
no longer well-read people I mean, you
saw yourself  a A government of Felipe
González and whether you liked it or not they were all
[ __ ] greats they weren't world-class eminences
but in Spain [ __ ] you had a Boyer you
had people who could agree
or not but the educated people of the people
who worked today if you want to
be really left-wing in Spain of
that left that is known you have to
be a guy a girl subsidized
you have to have the dogmas you have to
say the fixed words and very
importantly you have to have a lot of money
to be left-wing you have to have
a lot of money you consider yourself
left-wing no I mean let's see I have not
renounced that thing of the left and the
right because of what Fran is saying I
mean I do come from the
traditional left I'm not going to fool anyone
but of course the new left that we
have now has nothing to do with that
So I totally deny it
because it has lost its meaning it's that a
guy from the left now is a sybarite
a Malasaña kid a posh dad a snob
a person who follows fashions that
millionaires defend and who doesn't care about
the workers Spain the word
seems to them  It gives me allergies I am
patriotic I am Spanish but I was
born and raised in Spain The strange thing
is that I did not like Spain
having been born and raised here
but of course you say this and it is like no
but it is the nostalgia of
past times that they do not tell me stories it is
my reality it is my childhood my
adolescence my youth is what I have
lived and there are people older than me I do not even
tell you So that to me I do not agree
with them I am going to give an example I
write in a literary magazine that is
very reputable in Spain so
a lot of people go there Very well of the jetset of
Spain and when I go there you know
who are the ones who talk to me that
stop me they ask me for a photo eh Robert
keep causing trouble you know who are the ones
that stop me well the
security guards stop me the waiters stop me and the
cleaners stop me Why Because I am the
same as them I am a worker and I go there
because they invited me but I am the same
as them the minister of I don't
know what doesn't stop me Because I have coincided with them it does
n't stop me  I don't know who to play ball with
because I can plug him into I don't know
where what's wrong with this
leftist the waiter stops me
the cleaner stops me the
security guard stops me because they're just like me and they
see me and say this guy is like me and I the
truth is that I am when I say no it's not that you
have betrayed the left no no no no
no they have betrayed the
workers they have betrayed Spain
I still maintain the same that I have
always been that I have been a worker and Spanish
because I am Spanish but the thing is that no no it
is a crime it's that I'm fed up with of it's not that it has
gone from the left to
being fascism No no it's that being Spanish is not
being a fascist and loving your country its
history your historical cultural legacy is not
fascist It's that I refuse to
give it to them it's that it's not theirs and the
left of today has become
a poodle left a left with
complexes and that doesn't dare to do
anything that goes out of its pack but the thing is that
its ideological pack is not even an ideological
pack it's a  sect because I
know people on the left who criticize
something and immediately it's like you're a Nazi,
for example, I didn't have any problems
until I started talking about immigration, of
course. Keep my speech with the typical
progressive of the left, I am already a Nazi because I
am not a Nazi, I am a normal person
all my life, a worker and a person
who if you look at my diary I am a person
who socially etc. I am still the
same, those who have changed who are
defending well, like Rejón and Company
one thing and then they do something different and
try to impose things on us at the level of
life of everything and then they are the complete
opposite. Well, I have not. I have
always been the same. So if it seems unfair to me and I also
tell you if something seems unfair to me, it doesn't matter if it's
left or
right, I go with the truth. So
if there is a problem, then we have to
solve the problem and if the left
says a about that problem and it is shown
that it is useless and that it is useless, then we will have to
find another solution, what
can not be done is to stay in a
forever and that the country takes, let's go
all the bad, well, I am sorry but I
cannot agree because I  I'm
going to tell you this new left what
solution does it offer to the immigration problem
none no nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing what
solution does it offer to the issue of insecurity
none the solution is that they stay no no no
now but if they don't offer any solution
I'm not saying you have to say
this no no no no What is your
solution and I'll tell you no human rights
words Exactly I'm sorry if not a solution shut up
shut up and that's it let them offer a
solution I when someone from
Podemos or Sumar comes out and says gentlemen This is
our solution to this problem of
Spain I will say let's study it but
the problem is that there is no solution they
tell you racist sexist denialist
40,000 things and then a guy from the
workers' front comes out who is black saying it and
says no it's that you're confused he's not
really black anymore I mean he's just black he
has his ideology because now being
black is an ideology well not being black
is a color the end there is no more if you didn't
have your party Roberto and you had to
vote for the four main
parties which it seems are the ones that
insist on which of the four would you
stay with  nuno In fact I didn't vote no no it's
that I didn't vote before I have
active abstention because of course It's that
for me it is Look, I'm going to be very
sincere with you, the regime of '78 had its
function at its time, that is to say,
Franco dies, it had its function, you can
agree more or less
but it had its function, its era, its
governments, its development in Spain but there
comes a time when
problems begin to arise that this
constitutional regime does not provide a solution, for example, the
problem that arises with the autonomies
with the issue of independence with
movements like that of Puid Demon and
others, it does not provide a solution to that
problem, on the contrary, it feeds back,
so it has to be changed and what
shocks me a lot is when I see
left-wing and right-wing parties that when they
confront each other, they all defend the
Constitution, they all defend eh eh what there is, they all
defend some change
but the essence remains the same, I'm sorry
but we have to carry out a
new Constituent process. We have to provide ourselves with
new laws, it has to be a
constitutional regime that can provide a solution to
the problems that we have with the
independence movement, with the issue of
inequality that exists between
autonomous communities Why do Catalans have
more rights than an Extremadura native? I ca
n't stand that, honestly. I'm sorry, but I can't stand
that. I respect the
culture of each place. Yes, but with
some paying more than others, I can't, I mean, it's
one thing. I'm very supportive. I've
always put myself in a good place,
supporting the weak and those in the worst
situation, and to me that seems
terrifying with the issue of borders,
immigration, lack of sovereignty,
etc. The same with the issue of the countryside, the
lack of industry, these are things that need to be
solved. And we have sovereignty
hijacked by the European Union. And we
have politicians who are, forgive me for
talking money, but they're nonsense, they're
puppets, they're guys that we have
there getting paid and who say what's good, they
do what others tell them and we've
seen it with Sánchez, who changes his mind.
Well, depending on the occasion, and and on top of that, he sells out his
own people, which is what
explodes my head, he sells out the Spanish,
which is not that he has betrayed
anything, but he has changed his mind, I
mean, he doesn't lie, he changes his mind, I
have  I'm interested in knowing how you see
yourself and in knowing if you see
yourself as a man of my word, as a man of
principles, always trying to
keep my word, as a
sincere man, I try to be. And why have you
lied to us so much? So, President, tell me.
Where do I start? I have a long list. Hey,
you promised that if you came to
power, you would promote legal reform
so that the government could not elect
magistrates for the Constitutional Court. You
already seated your Minister of Justice there.
You promised to combat the colonization
of institutions by
political parties and you made
your Minister of Justice Attorney General. You
announced this when you had not yet resigned
as Minister of Justice. You said, a
politician cannot pardon other
politicians. We have to put an end to this. Well, it can't
be. If we live in a
society like this, there is no possibility of
change. I'm very sorry, but if the
PSOE and the parties that support it, and the
PP and the parties with which it makes pacts,
all defend the Constitution, everything is strange. It's
strange in the end. What is the
alternative? I want there to be an
alternative. It's that I don't care. I want
something to happen and for there to be a change.  Do you
consider the PP to be a
right-wing party today?
Wow, can we say, like, the same as the
PSOE, I mean, in reality they are the same but
at a cosmetic level? Yes, they act like
more of We are the modern right and the
weight of bad is the modern left. Yes, what
happens is that deep down there is
no difference or almost none. What
happens is that what
was on the right, what is the left, is
no longer the same, I mean, the right
was one thing 40 years ago and the left
was another thing 40 years ago. Right now,
if you notice, I think so. If
Pep wins the next elections and
has to make a pact with Box, for example, with
other parties, I tell you that they should make a pact
with the Socialist Party, I mean, there comes
a time when
some have as much discredit as others, eh, I
mean, some have
such great discredit that in the end you are left with
three or four politicians and the rest are not
even worth taking up the ass. I mean,
you can't have respect for a pach and nobody. You
know a guy who  is pachi nobody, I
mean someone who drives nobody, give me a cone, man, it's
true, it's that he's p nobody
is a guy, a guy who has been in it his whole life
and stuck in it in the official car that
was Lakari because because they wanted it to
be Lendak Cari because they were
interested at that moment but he's pachi
nobody, I mean he's He's more boorish than me,
just like having an Ávalos, having a
bridge, having a, well, well, or you talk about the
PP, all the old fogies that they have,
if all the old fogies weren't there,
those would surely Ay Uso would be
president of the PP today, but they're never going to let her be
president of the PP because it doesn't
interest them, it doesn't interest them Why,
because they're all very well off, they're
all with their little houses with their little
cars and people don't give a [ __ ] about
anything, I mean, you think that Spain
is governed by six six votes, I mean,
the Spanish have to put up with a
lot of things for six [ __ ] votes, I
mean, for six [ __ ] votes what are you saying, [ __ ] it,
balls no And on top of that, six votes from
someone who doesn't want to be in Spain,
who hates Spain,  that sends balls and
the other saying no Spain It's good
that it disgusts them to say Spain too
but the problem that exists is that
the right and the left no longer exist, I mean, there are
parties that already reach a bit of
nationalism but not a
bad nationalism, a nationalism so so absurd
why did I vote for Roberto's workers' front
damn because I was left with one thing I
want he said once I want to
recover the neighborhoods where my parents
could walk where I played where I
went to the park and where I could go out on
the street without being afraid and my mother
could go out on the street that
convinced me Vox says it too Yes
but it's that in Box they have thrown out Espinosa
the hunters I will never vote for them again in my
[ __ ] life Unless Bascal convinces me you
understand me eh it's something that is
so basic I mean politicians would have to
give something that is so basic that you say
[ __ ] you have to be there you have to
ask for that I mean you have to first the
most important thing is your family it is your
culture it is your history they are your memories
you have to take care of that if not  You take care of that, it
becomes London You go to
London tomorrow You spend a week and
come back And you say I'm never going back to England
in my [ __ ] life because it's [ __ ], it's
[ __ ] that has lost its identity
London is no longer London and Spain there are
many places that are no longer like that why
Because politicians allow it, the
Spanish parliament, I mean, what's the point
Roberto, what's the point of
politicians But anyway, any deputy, there are
people who are super random, no,
and they have an average salary of between 60
and 100,000 bucks a year, as for the
salaries and everything else of politicians, I'll be
honest with you, the main
problem I see in Spain is that they are
tripled, that is to say, we have like the
national state politicians, the
politicians of the community, those of the
province and the municipal ones and of course there is
one more, the senate, we have no
duplication, it's that we have much more and it is
people that it makes no sense that there are so
many, I mean, so much parliament. No, I do
n't see the point, I think they should have
such a large salary, of course, they are
advisors, drivers, everyone has it, so of
course it's a fortune and then apart from that  We
should do it like in other countries,
where if you do it right, it doesn't have
to. Eh, it doesn't have to be
favorable for the big parties, but
reducing it, that is, how many deputies there are
x, well, take it and say why half
is not necessary, in other words, why do we
need so many? Why aren't
fewer elected and with a more direct system,
even giving it ease to
small groups so that they continue to exist, but that there is
one and that they vote, but what
sense does it make, for example, with the
Vote page that Juns has to have
so many votes if in reality not
so many people have voted for them, they have simply
voted concentrated in Catalonia but there
are not so many if you notice. So why?
Why do they have to have that weight?
Why can't we do the same with 100 or
150 fewer deputies and have it be representative? In other
words, that the change is proportional. If
not, you are not going to harm practically
anyone, but we would save a lot of money,
but of course. You know what the
problem is when you get to a place with
rules, if you get to that place with
those rules, if you change them, deep down
you're going to be screwed.  yourself then that's why they do
n't want to change it because for
example the left that believes it's supposed
this new left believes in
social justice in making it participatory in
being representative of the people why not
why don't they promote ending the
law of on Why don't they promote eh ending
this electoral law that prioritizes
concentration in one place and not something
generally popular with the people Well because it does
n't suit them because they have discovered
that by doing the same thing they win, I mean
without winning the elections they are capable of
governing So why are they going to
change it and then there's Feijó which is that I
feel it or I mean I don't sympathize
with anyone who is in the PP
ideologically but but let's see if
you are the opposition party don't you
think that maybe you should go a
little more aggressively to take
power because the problem is that I don't
know I remember other people from the PP for
example Annar or Fraga because Rajoy it's
true that he was also a little lukewarm it's
that they would have gone for Sánchez, I
mean they would have gone for him I remember
the time of who is Mr. González  I mean
at least there was a minimum of
conflict but it seems
that all he wants is to wait wait for
the chair to empty and
put himself in but the same thing that Rajoy did
if Sanz doesn't want to leave Sanchez doesn't
want to leave Sanchez is going to have to be
thrown out he wants to leave and I think he
wants to perpetuate himself he wants to be
there for two three legislatures and then elect
a successor and that's what
Venezuela is going to be like so we have to avoid it but
within society we are like you
are either here or here there is no other thing I think I think that
this
polarization is convenient I mean for example I am
a person who does believe that
capitalism will eventually end but
regardless of that the issue of
the current polarization I mean before what
you say a long time ago
people even killed each other for their ideas
but they were people who then didn't live in
specific moments but they didn't encourage
that permanent polarization and also with
things that are not even
important because they don't even polarize I
don't know that there is like a kind of
civil war is what it encourages with the
Franco issue with the issue of the
Republic already but these are issues that are already
dead, that is to say, Francoism does not
exist without Franco when Franco dies
Francoism ends a regime like Franco's today with social networks inter could not exist, I mean it could not exist it is absurd so they are things from another time, I do agree with that and they polarize with things like from that time as I see it in congress some call each
other fascists others call each
other communists and there are neither communists nor
fascists, I mean they are people who
actually think very similar, they want to
take the money, they polarize people
when later they are laughing and
hugging around things that do
not really affect the real lives of
people Meanwhile, collecting an
outrageous amount of taxes subjugating
people and destroying the country. I think that
what we need to do in politics is
return to the everyday problems of the
people or the real problems of the
people and that is what is not done and we live
in that polarization, even though it is
frowned upon me, for example, there are people who do
not speak to me anymore and what do I know  I go
somewhere and they refuse to let me go and it's
like no way because I'm a fascist and it's like man look eh
70 years ago I would have been killing myself
and you would have gone to live in London
respect yourself a little, I mean respect yourself a
little, I mean I'm not a fascist I think
differently than you but it's that these people of
this new left for me have the
most totalitarian way of thinking of all
because if you don't follow their
line then they lynch you I want to give an
example of a guy that I spoke to
one day and he didn't say anything to me
but then I don't know I think he's
gone crazy he's Fonsy Loiz he's a
character that plays communist But you
see what he proposes and it's all progressive There
's nothing communist about him he only likes
the typical things like aesthetics
but if you scratch a little bit that guy is more
capitalist than any of the ones
here of all the ones you know and
that character For example I've seen him he
's a character who is dedicated to publishing
books by Frenquino Pérez because he's
obsessed with  he's obsessed but that
character for example it's not that Frank doesn't
take care of the animals and it's like and you do I mean
you do take care of them it's not that Roberto
eh is a fascist and doesn't defend the struggle
I'm in a union and I go out of my way
for that union I mean I think J
loisa I don't say it in an offensive way eh I'm
not saying it to attack him or anything but he's not there he doesn't
have his ducks in a row
let's not say but I do real worker struggle
é What is he doing going to
kiss up to Pablo Iglesias who is a guy
denounced even by his own
workers eh to present his book he's like he's
anti-system but he has everything
given to him It's that it's funny to me one
day the guy Sinvergüenza went and retweeted
a character who said Roberto's books
and they were coming out in El Corte Inglés when
I got those old books on my
own they're not even I mean they come out on
request I mean they weren't in El Corte
Inglés and he complains that his is not there
V is like man yours is not there
because you insult its owners is it normal
to relate to Florentino  Of course, but
Fonsi Loiza is everywhere, he publishes
with acal, which is an editorial that
was made up of PC people, and he's
everywhere and they promote him everywhere
because he's an idiot. Useful is someone who
dresses in red but is actually pink. He's
a guy who is good for the system
because he doesn't create problems. What is
your model? Speaking well of Venezuela makes me
laugh. That has to do with
communism. It's the type of thing that's the
new [ __ ] leftist [ __ ] that it's
called. It's one of
those things that have to be called as they are. It's
[ __ ] [ __ ] that the day they lose
power, these people won't even be worth
taking up the ass. That's so simple, robber. Of
course, eh. When they mention
Franco and others, they also mention a lot
on the contrary, ETA, okay, that's what it is. It's what is
recurrent. What do you think about the existence of
a party like Bildu within the
government today? Well, and not just
Bildu, there are more groups there that
are working and, for example, you
want to put together a party right now,
some festival, if you do it without paying
taxes and you do it illegally  They go and
ruin your life Javi well there is a group
in the Basque Country that has descended from
the Fil etarras of Bildo and company which
is a youth group that also acts as
communists and revolutionaries those people
who what they would like is to
rebuild ETA and I say this seriously Because it
is true that that is what they would like those
people are dedicated to financing themselves by putting up
scams and things at municipal events
that the city councils let them put on and they
are financing themselves illegally
when if we did
this they would make us illegal well and they are people who are literally pro-ETA who would like to set this up again that I tell you about more radical groups than the ones you are telling me about Bildu company Well what can I tell you there is a mafia in the Basque Country the majority of the
people who felt Spanish have left and
those who remain They hide there because if
you wear a bracelet they can
beat you up in the street and that is the climax
that we have in the Basque Country and it is because
we have allowed it in which
the urgas and the rabble more  filthy that
you can imagine is the one that dominates at
street level and those people should be
sent to the forces of order to
really put order and that those people do not
command anywhere and cannot letter
to anyone, only that they are in the government no.
They say they are from outside but
when the key They have the key to
what extent they are outside or inside Well if they
have the key then you tell me and it
seems to me a shame that the PSOE
has had deaths, that is to say, they have
placed bombs and they have shot at their
own people to the resp as they need them it is
impacting even that Bildu has set the
bar where it has wanted in
certain issues and to me that
seems shameful there should be no
pacts with them on absolutely anything they
should be the outcasts of
Spanish politics and that they could not,
let's say that nobody made a pact with them for
anything, neither left nor right nor anyone, I
mean they should marginalize and separate
but there we see the peripheral right making
pacts with them nv and jun and then the
left has gone crazy I can't
imagine anguita  making a pact with Bildu,
no, I can't imagine it because, among
other things, ETA killed workers, ETA planted
bombs in basements in El
Corte Inglés parking lots. You can't support
someone who is an heir and doesn't condemn the
planting of bombs on workers, it can't
be, it can't be. And then the
anti-obesity right, but I also
tell you that as a man who comes from there,
I declare myself anti-feminist, I mean, I
am in favor of equality between
men and women, but I think that
feminism is something else, and even more so
today, let me interrupt you on one thing, then do
n't consider yourself left-wing, no, to make it
clear, socialist, yes, no, yes, we
can say yes, but in a
very different sense to that of the PSOE and all those
people, but I, I really
think that feminism is something that has
become a fad, I think it's the
most systemic thing there is and it's based
on false and totally
unfair precepts, like, well, the damn
patriarchy. Which obviously existed
60 or 70 years ago, but  that no longer exists it's
unreal because patriarchy is a
socioeconomic system that privileges
men over women for the
mere fact of being women and here we even have
laws that favor women
over men, I mean it's absurd and
the glass ceiling, the wage gap
are things that don't exist in fact the
wage gap is illegal I mean if you
pay a man more than a
woman at work they report you and they ruin your life I mean it
's unreal to the max everything
the Ministry has done seems destructive to
the country clo I believe that feminism
just like the LGBT movements all of
these at their time worked I mean there were
a lot of women who
were brave who yes, yes, yes, who
pushed forward who were
an example eh and women who today are an
example because they are an example eh
just like men and the LGBT movement
the same there was a moment in which
[ __ ] I, you know it, I've lived it I
mean I couldn't go out on the street with a
person who was a [ __ ] to the [ __ ]  he was hit he was
spat on he was
vilified eh he was played with eh he was
a toy he was a monster he was
sick a father would rather have a
drug addict a drugged son than a [ __ ] I mean
that kind of society we who
are already of an age have lived
but nowadays man still still
us me me being in school
let's get out of it bad a kid has to
d Javi Javi nowadays any
kid of 15 years old 20 years old doesn't give a
[ __ ] what person or who they
sleep with I mean they don't care because it's already
something so extremely normalized that it was
achieved and they achieved it people [ __ ] well
people like Pedro cerol achieved it
or like a lot of people who were there and
did it Without insulting and without messing with
other people saying you're a son of a [ __ ]
because maybe that's what happened with
feminism that four
idiots have become that are nothing more than four idiots
that when you have a group of idiots
you say where do I put my girlfriend Where do I
put my cousin Where do I put my friend
and they put them  there and four idiots who
are still saying that well I'm
afraid to walk around Madrid because there are
a lot of homophobes No sir there may be some
idiots but homophobes like those who
were in the 80s and 90s don't get on my
nerves because people don't care anymore it's it's it's
a way of
taking advantage of the [ __ ] it's a
way of taking advantage of the
[ __ ] I mean I don't know They call me
homophobic mind you they call me homophobic and
I [ __ ] and I [ __ ] on their [ __ ] mother I
say the day you all knew what
homophobia was I mean homophobia
was having a family member eh homosexual or
bisexual or transsexual or whatever and
being afraid that was homophobia not just the one who
was homosexual or gay or
lesbian No no it's that the family member
got beaten up I mean that was homophobia
today in Spain homophobia man don't
[ __ ] with me don't [ __ ] with me It's that they are
talking about one thing there may be
specific cases but not general Of course but
because there are [ __ ] people
everywhere  no, like machismo, there are
sexist people. Yes, but no, it's not a
general thing in society, it's the same thing, it
seems that all men are
sons of [ __ ], you say. It's not that you're
sexist. Hey, I raised my
children, eh, I raised my daughter, I went
to school dressed as a lady on
Mother's Day because my daughter hadn't been there for two years, I
mean, it really pisses me off
when a brat, a [ __ ],
or a [ __ ] comes up to you and tells you,
of course, since you're sexist, you're a
homophobe and you're an I don't know what you're
saying, damn sons of [ __ ], leave
Spain, go to another country, go to another country, you're
going to see what homophobia is, what
homophobia is, Go to Russia, Go
to Russia, Go to many countries that are out
there and you're going to see what [ __ ]
homophobia is, it's become a business
and it's a business that works very well
for four idiots and four idiots who do
n't even believe it themselves, I mean, they don't even believe it,
but of course it is.  a business is a
[ __ ] business and the rest of us are Well that
homophobes this the other thing that we are the ones who
have broken our faces for these
[ __ ] and that's what really pisses me off
a 20 year old kid tells me you
don't know what I had to suffer you
had to suffer son of a [ __ ] But what are
you going to have to suffer I mean but yeah
yeah [ __ ] with me it's that I don't know anyone
who says today look that's a
[ __ ] look that's a lesbian Ugh this
sex change it's that I don't know anyone it's that I don't
know anyone at all Fran you don't
know a fascist according to the with a fascist
then Roberto you who have known
Pablo Iglesi Monero and
all this troop very well for a long time You think that the party was
founded to make a killing or for
money not them you already take into account Javi
that they and before they already had positions
of power in assemblies in coordinators
within the social movements and
they already used it there to make a killing
I mean when the  we can is they have been
doing it for many years, we can't
just take the leap out of this
money thing but the thing about
getting close to people, I already did that
before, damn I saw you I saw you at
the book fair it just occurred to me
at the book fair what I do
n't remember was last year but I don't
remember what month at the retreat and I
saw you had a huge queue I
presented That's the new That's the
current one that he's presenting now
last year and I just released this one which is to
say that it's
true fascism And where can you find it in
any bookstore on Amazon wherever you
want okay How many votes did you get in
the last elections 66000 How much does it
take to have a deputy Well it was that it
was in the European but in the
state elections I think we would have to get
115 in m for example I think it was And do you
think we can get a deputy, I
Depending on what happens now let's go let's
start a campaign that I'll pass it to you
which is one of those that you're going to like They're from
these  that I send you and you say well
This is going to be a campaign that I
think will make us known So it
depends on how it goes, we'll see what it
does. I know that a lot of people are going to think that I say this
because I'm not going to do any
promotion here, but obviously
a lot of people think it's throwing away the
vote. But I've always thought that if
on June these others can change
things, damn if you had a
deputy, people and there were people,
even other parties, I don't care if it's
Alvise's or whoever it was, eh, I don't care if
someone was fed up with
this, how the
status is right now, how the
parties are, can change a lot of things, eh,
a party that's a pain in the ass, a p that's a
fly can be a real pain in the ass, that's why
I, I, I have said it, I
prefer. I know that Box is going to get a lot of
deputies and that Pep But I prefer that
there was a party that really bothers
people and that, of course, This is going to sound
very promotional, but damn, that wants
Spain to be Spain, the Spain that we have
all known, that maybe the
20 year olds don't know it but
in Spain you could leave
anything on the table at the bar and it wouldn't get
stolen that was the Spain you could
lose your keys and they would appear you
dropped your purse and they would take it home that
was the Spain we lived in And that's that [ __ ]
somehow Maybe a
pesky fly can do it that's why
I've said it and I say it
publicly and they jump on me and
tell me this is an idiot no I think
that there always has to be someone who
is the discordant voice of the
big guys because that can cause
many many gaps to open up I am
clear about it in the next
national elections I am going to vote for the
workers' front again because there is no
one who offers me anything yes Box I
can offer you but I already have my
things with them look how I get along well
with Avascal and Pep I tell you if I wasn't
there if I were president I would
vote for them let's do this to them I don't
think they would let it happen eh more  no no
if they hate me the pepel I tell you that they
hate her because if not they would all be
protecting the time she is waiting for it to
fall and the Jump for her is very difficult
because they will block her The men
but I think that there are very
interesting parties and when I met you
when I started to see what there was that
also I met you before I met you I
mean I started to listen to you and
watch the podcasts And how you talked and such
And he said wow This is really
what Spain is like a guy who says he
's leftist or that he's a communist
or that he's I don't know what but he's
talking to you about the Spain that we have known
then nobody talks to you about the Spain that we have
known everyone talks to you about well
Spain is going to be the host It's that
I don't want Spain to be is going to
be the host I want Spain to be
Spain that country that people said
wow Spain how good Dude how good
How lucky to live in Spain that that doesn't
exist anymore that's not that's my let's go my goal
in life of course I miss
that time a lot what is your relationship with the
party of de  alvise you like no alvise
no I'm not one to stir up [ __ ] But he
messed with me a lot at the beginning before without
knowing me or anything when he hadn't even
burst in yet he messed with me a lot he
made up that I was from Seville that there's nothing
else to do or go talk to to
realize alv can tell you the milkmaid story
or a lot And from then on well I
always confronted him a lot but
that's why Hey the last thing I promise you eh the
next is going to be Pablo Iglesias or not
Pablo Iglesias they are going to try to make him the
next but they are going to put out a lot of fires
because I still have I have
many acquaintances who are still in Podemos
that of course you know most of those
who are there are very sectarian but
of course when you meet someone dace is
that I'm talking to you 20 years old 21 years old or
22 even some Well of course they are people
with whom you end up meeting and they talk to you and tell you
and write to you they have
problems with another group and they tell
me so that I can mess with them I mean I mean
then they are very annoying  they
too and they are very twisted So I
know that they have put out several fires since they
have sent feminists to talk to
people to shut them up or rather
that has happened so the question is
that there is fear just like Sergio
Gregory For example No, he has not gone
anywhere to tell what
Iglesias has done to him, really why because he is
afraid of being treated like a plague
and like a fascist, which I think is going to
happen is that they are going to treat him like that in the end
because you play into the hands of the extreme
right, it is permanent fear so
Iglesias can do whatever he wants
because if you get rid of Iglesias you screw up the
project of this left So you can't get
rid of him and Iglesias is going to get rid of him, they are going to get rid of him, they are
going to get
rid of him now I think not because they are going to
protect him To come back they are not going to get rid of him, he is not going to come back, he
will not be
able to come back unless they get something
true out of him, which there is, eh They just have to
find a woman several to
put it like how They get a woman out, if they get it out there are
lies, I think they are going to
protect him  if it's not something very hard it doesn't fall
because keep in mind that the entire
project of these years has been based on
Iglesias returning So if that happens
They have to refound today Lis Dubal
has left to join the
governing bodies, that is to say
everything is breaking down when it breaks down
Iglesias has it very easy to return
but if they give him a hard mitu of course
the entire space could be the
worst I think he's the worst 100% 100% I've
seen him in class, I mean I think
100% he's the worst But the worst Not in the
sense that he does illegal things eh No no no
I'm not saying that The worst is that he
doesn't fit the feminist stereotype
that they impose because he imposes it
because of course guarar talking to a lot of
women cheating on I don't know
who being a slob that's not a crime I
mean how many people do we know like that in
Spain is that if someone who pretends to be a feminist does it
and points out others for being
sexist there's the problem that there are
people who have ruined men's lives
many times with lies because  it's that
feminism then of
course That's the hypocrisy and I hope it falls I hope it
falls eh but no not because I
like the persecutions of men
but because he is a hypocrite of course it is
clear that there is someone putting out fires there
because it is like it is taking
a long time and But he wants to come back he wants to come
back and I tell you the reason why it does
n't fall is because they go to the people and they
say you are going to play the game of the
extreme right you are going to play the game of
Bascal you really are a
leftist guy and you are going to play the game of the
extreme right and people in the end say
come on okay [ __ ] How many feminists
came out Look at the la the firecracker this
Ana Bernal tribiño who is not a journalist
or anything and she came out saying well among
feminists we knew about rejón we
knew but of course we couldn't we
couldn't play his game and it's like
Sorry clo of course Well imagine with
Iglesias who is the king in that world of
King exactly totally and Monedero has been
charged because Monedero
is nobody anymore So she doesn't care we can
take it away but monedero has been caught for many
years with ugly things in
Venezuela and other things and he stepped
aside and stayed as a base that's why they
went after him envy they got rid of him out
of envy yes but if not they are not going after
him it's because he no longer had a position but what they
really are funas based on
their story eh because really then they
are not illegal things or anything but they
send each other there they kill each
other for example with a rejón I
don't believe Elisa Mia I think the
procedure is going to lose it happens that according to
what they have preached I do
believe it and I know that he is a warno and it can be
seen but of course To what extent is that
something well each one that is as it is I
what is not this girl instead of continuing to
meet with him and play his game and
now I'm going to I don't know why she doesn't take it she
slaps him with her open hand and
leaves if it's that she is not going to do anything rej
What happens is that then they are all very hypocritical
if she wanted to if she wanted to meet with him
the next day she wanted to continue meeting
with him and  I wanted such What happens
is that you can reject and that's it
Nothing happens but I don't know why it's not that the
pressure what pressure outside of here
disgusting I'm going to end totally
you